Hello, ma'am.
Can you make an appointment?
Stop Chuan to change surname
I just don't want to have anything to do with the Zhao family anymore
If I let everyone know about his relationship with me
It's troublesome
Last time I saw you in business with Mr. Gu
I happened to be working nearby today
Just drop by
Just tell him that Gu Lan is visiting
He knew it.
Ok, wait a minute.
Mr. Gu
Mom, why are you here?
What about the fox spirit?
What do you mean?
I heard you hired a new personal secretary
Come to work covered in hickeys
Also hooked up with you
Really you
I'm telling you, you should fire him for me now
Mom, don't get involved in my company's affairs
Then you still let Tingting come to work?
It can't be the company's business again
I can't care, can I?
Well, I'll take care of your personal affairs
You, quickly give me a divorce
Marry Tingting to me
It's even less likely
My words are not working well now, are they?
Mom, don't you know?
Shen Pinting was late at the company yesterday and committed murder
How is that possible?
He is obviously such a kind and good girl
kind
I haven't had a word with him yet
He dares to use you as a gun
If you marry him like this
Can the Gu family still be at peace? But he is the daughter of the Shen family
Much better than that lowly bitch Yunyao, Mom
Yunyao is still my wife after all
If you scold him, you are scold me.
So I told you to divorce him quickly